[Branding] Update the LAMP tutorial page content and screenshots (#2857)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Tutorials/lamp-stack-tutorial.md

#### Define Policy for MySQL

In order to make the database available on the apache server we will need to setup the policy configuration. In this tutorial we would put all the instances on the same VPC.

Go to the **Boxes** page, you can find it in the left menu. Now click on the **New** to create a new box, choose the **Deployment Policy** from the menu then **CloudFormation** then choose the **Provider** from the provider menu and save it.

![new deployment policy box](../../images/cloud-application-manager/tutorial/tutorial-lamp-stack-17.png)

After saving, it will take you to the created deployment policy page. Click on code tab, then on the pencil icon of the details section to edit it and choose the region as: *eu-west-1*. Click **Save** when finished

![add region to Deployment policy box](../../images/cloud-application-manager/tutorial/tutorial-lamp-stack-16.png)

### Define the Deployment Policy for the LAMP Script Box

If you have already [registered an AWS account](../Deploying Anywhere/using-your-aws-account.md) you should have three policy boxes on **Boxes** menu: default-large-us-east-1, default-medium-us-east-1 and default-small-us-east-1.

> Select default-small-us-east-1 tools and click on **Clone Box**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on the _default-small-us-east-1_ tools dropdown menu (gear icon)  and click on **Clone Box**.
```

In the LAMP box Code tab, on Variables, click **New**. Select **File**. Call it SQL_SCRIPT and upload the file you saved. This file will be pushed to the database at deploy time.

![Add SQL file as variable](../../images/cloud-application-manager/tutorial/tutorial-lamp-stack-9.png)

#### Step 5. Nest the default GitHub box to install PHP from GitHub.

In the Code tab, under Variables, click **New**. Select **Box**. Call it GIT_HUB and pick the default GitHub box as the value.

Save when done to create the variable.

![Add github variable](../../images/cloud-application-manager/tutorial/tutorial-lamp-stack-10.png)

Now configure the GitHub default box to pull down PHP scripts at deploy time. Expand the GitHub box and the box variable inside called git_repo. In the context of the LAMP Stack box, edit the clone URL variable and set its value as follows:

> ![tutorial-lamp-stack-11.png](../../images/cloud-application-manager/tutorial/tutorial-lamp-stack-11.png)

Reviewer: Please, change the alt text

**Note:** AWS may charge for the instances you deploy. So after deploying, be sure to shut down the instances from Cloud Application Manager to avoid unnecessary charges.

#### Configure the MySQL catalog box

For this tutorial we will use an Amazon RDS (any MySQL server can be used), as the box is already pre-configured.

On the Catalog page, at the top of the page you can find a search bar, search for MySQL amazon and click on it.

![MySQL catalog](../../images/cloud-application-manager/tutorial/tutorial-lamp-stack-1.png)

### Define the database configuration

> In order to make the db available on the apache server we will need to tune the policy configuration. In this tutorial we would put all the instances on the same VPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make the database instance available on the apache server, we will need to put all the instances on the same VPC. We need to specify the same VPC ID when deploying the MySQL CloudFormation catalog box.
```

In the **MySQL Catalog** page click on **Deploy** and it opens a modal with a form in it that you need to fill it with the necessary information.

In the **Deployment Policy** field, choose the deployment box related to your AWS provider then go to the variable section at the bottom of the form, specify the **MySqlVpcId** (in this tutorial: 'vpc-88082cee'), then choose **Show More** and now we should fill those fields with the requested information. In this tutorial we will use **sampledb** as database name.

![New instance MySQL](../../images/cloud-application-manager/tutorial/tutorial-lamp-stack-2.png)

You can also modify the variables later by clicking on the pencil icon on the right side and change the information.

![MySQL cloned box](../../images/cloud-application-manager/tutorial/tutorial-lamp-stack-3.png)

#### Launch the Database Tier

 To define the binding add a **tag**, it will be use later on Lamp instance. Click **Deploy** after entering the data, Click **Deploy** to deploy the instance.

> ![tutorial-lamp-stack-14.png](../../images/cloud-application-manager/tutorial/tutorial-lamp-stack-14.png)

Reviewer: Please, update alt text

### Launch the App Tier

> From the Instances page, click **New** and select the LAMP Stack box. For the deployment policy, select the AWS Policy you created. For the mysqlservice binding, select the tag you define in the instance you previously launched. Also, schedule the instance to terminate an hour after deploying. Click **Deploy** to create an instance of the app tier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the Instances page, click **New** and select the LAMP Stack box. For the deployment policy, select the AWS Policy you created. For the _mysqlservice_ binding, select the tag you define in the instance you previously launched. Also, schedule the instance to terminate an hour after deploying. Click **Deploy** to create an instance of the app tier.
```
